and because we're geologists we like to
chew the rocks as well and sniffing
smell them lick them as well which old
gives us information about we don't just
do it because we're weird so easily read
rocks yeah you too rocks you sniff rock
yes you okay Wow that is commitment to
the cause I think that isn't prove it to
you right now one of the things that
works you want to go I mean III
particularly I don't personally want to
go but if you're gonna come on oh go on
then right oh can you tell what am I
meant to get when I stop this rock is
this just a complete like windup this
bit you might know it so it feels just
gently feel slightly sticky yeah okay
probably not okay
yeah it was a little bit sticky but then
if you if you stick your tongue on that
one you'll feel how it's like a smooth
it doesn't stick okay no they feel
different
they 100% feel different yeah you can
instantly they use use one of your
senses to tell the difference between
something that's born and something
that's like sediment you had a sediment
that was sticky in a sediment that
wasn't sticky that sediment that sticky
has loads of holes in it so you know the
porosity of it is not to understand the
things that happened to that rock why is
this layer porous why and why is this
layer not porous well I didn't expect to
be licking rocks today
you
[Music]